# What's New in oxd 3.1.x
We've made significant updates to oxd 3.1.1 to improve performance and functionality. 

## What's Changed

### Billing Model
* oxd 2.4.4 and 3.0.1 were billed USD $0.33 per server per day. **oxd 3.1.1 is billed USD $0.33 per application per day**.

* Existing and/or new installations of oxd 2.4.4 and oxd 3.0.1 will continue to be billed per server per day.

* New or upgraded oxd 3.1.1 deployments will be subject to the new per application billing model.

Learn more about [pricing & billing](./index.md#pricing--billing). 

## What's New

### RESTful (https)
With the new `oxd-https-extension`, applications can securely call your oxd server over the web via `HTTPS`. The extension enables you to host one central, redundant oxd service for all your web apps.

### UMA 2.0
Gluu is the first commercially supported IAM server to implement the [UMA 2.0 specification](https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/oauth-uma-grant-2.0-05.html). UMA now aligns completely with OAuth 2.0. It also re-defines the claims gathering flow, enabling developers to implement multi-step consent, user-interactions, and stepped-up authentication flows. 

### Caching
oxd now supports in-memory or redis caching of data to improve throughput for OpenID Connect and UMA clients.

### Easy Upgrades
oxd 3.1.1 includes an auto-migration process to transfer your existing oxd JSON files to your new oxd 3.1.1 server(s).

## Legacy Compatibility

Please review the following legacy compatibility considerations while evaluating your upgrade path to oxd 3.1.1:

- UMA 2.0: Only supported in oxd 3.1.1 and Gluu Server 3.1.1.    

- UMA 1.0.1: Not supported in oxd 3.1.1 or Gluu Server 3.1.1.    

- OpenID Connect: Supported in all versions of oxd and Gluu Server.   

- Pricing: If you upgrade existing oxd installations to oxd 3.1.1, the new per application billing model described above will take effect. This could have an impact on your monthly bill.      
