# What's new in oxd 3.1.x

## oxd 3.1.2
oxd 3.1.2 includes a number of bug fixes and additional security features. 

### What's new

#### Better UMA support
oxd 3.1.2 features more comprehensive support for the User Managed Access (UMA) profile of OAuth 2.0 for access management. 


### Release notes

Review the [oxd 3.1.2 release notes](./release-notes/index.md) for a full list of fixes and new features in oxd 3.1.2. 


## oxd 3.1.2
We've made significant updates to oxd 3.1.2 to improve performance and functionality. 

### What's Changed

#### Billing Model
- oxd 2.4.4 and 3.0.1 were billed USD $0.33 per server per day. **oxd 3.1.2 is billed USD $0.33 per application per day**

- Existing and/or new installations of oxd 2.4.4 and oxd 3.0.1 will continue to be billed per server per day

- New or upgraded oxd 3.1.2 deployments will be subject to the new per application billing model

Learn more about [pricing & billing](./index.md#pricing--billing). 

### What's New

#### RESTful (https)
oxd 3.1.2 includes a new component called the `oxd-https-extension`. The extension is included out-of-the-box in the oxd Linux packages--it simply needs to be started. With the `oxd-https-extension`, applications can make RESTful calls to your oxd server over the web.

#### UMA 2.0
Gluu Server and oxd 3.1.2 are the first commercially supported IAM server and clients to implement the [UMA 2.0 specification](https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/oauth-uma-grant-2.0-05.html). UMA 2.0 now aligns completely with OAuth 2.0. It also re-defines the claims gathering flow, enabling developers to implement multi-step consent, user-interactions, and stepped-up authentication flows. 

#### Caching
oxd 3.1.2 now supports in-memory or redis caching of data to improve throughput for OpenID Connect and UMA clients.

#### Easy Upgrades
oxd 3.1.2 includes an auto-migration process to transfer your existing oxd JSON files to your new oxd 3.1.2 server(s).

### Legacy Compatibility

Please review the following legacy compatibility considerations while evaluating your upgrade path to oxd 3.1.2:

- UMA 2.0: Supported in oxd 3.1.2 and Gluu Server 3.1.2    

- UMA 1.0.1: Not supported in oxd 3.1.2 or Gluu Server 3.1.2

- OpenID Connect: Supported in all versions of oxd and Gluu Server   

- Pricing: If you upgrade existing oxd installations to oxd 3.1.2, the new per application billing model described above will take effect. This could have an impact on your monthly bill   

### Release notes

Review the [oxd 3.1.2 release notes](https://gluu.org/docs/oxd/3.1.2/release-notes/) for a full list of fixes and new features in oxd 3.1.2. 
